= RubyCampus - Relationship and Fundraising Management for Higher Education       

-PLEASE NOTE -------------------------------
THIS SOFTWARE IS CURRENTLY UNDER DEVELOPMENT 
AND IS NOT INTENDED FOR PRODUCTION USE.  
--------------------------------------------

RubyCampus is designed to store and manage highly sensitive information regarding constituents of educational 
organizations, governmental and non-governmental agencies. Every effort has been made to help ensure RubyCampus 
meets and exceeds the standards set by regulatory bodies around the world regarding the storage and retrieval of 
sensitive information through the use of security and cryptographic mechanisms. 

If you downloaded an archive of RubyCampus or obtained it from any other source other than an "Official" repository 
as from https://rubycampus.org or our official mirror at git://github.com/rubycampus/rubycampus.git; we strongly 
recommend that you clone and use only official source for production purposes. This will also ensure your 
organization is receiving updates directly from the authors and that the source has not been negatively 
or maliciously compromised.

See the instructions below, and also see https://rubycampus.org/download for more details.

== Overview

This README file refers to the RubyCampus relationship management and fundraising software designed to
address the needs of higher educational and non-profit organizations for the purposes of student recruitment, 
enrollment management and fundraising.

The purpose of this file is to enumerate the various versions of the RubyCampus along with the appropriate 
versions of related dependencies needed to successfully deploy.

== Minimal Requirements

The current version of the RubyCampus can be installed and executed on any Unix based or inspired operating
system such as Linux, FreeBSD and Apple OS X and other compatible operating systems.
 
We recommend the following deployment environment but you may choose any number of alternatives that are
perfectly suitable.

1) Linux/BSD OS
2) Apache2
3) Recommended: 
   -- Phusion Passenger (mod_rails)
   -- Ruby 1.8.7 Enterprise Edition
   -- Gem 1.2.0   - Required
   -- Rails 2.1.0 - Required

-----------
You can also get free support from the RubyCampus Open Source Community.
See https:/rubycampus.org/

Copyright (C) 2008 Kevin Aleman, RubyCampus LLC Japan. All rights reserved.   

== License

See the file doc/LICENSE.